README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Robert 👋  

### 🎓 About Me  
I am a third-year **Computer Science major** at Wright State University.  
I have experience with **Java** and am expanding my skills by learning new languages and technologies.  

### 📌 Projects This Semester  
- **Learning Python (Personal Project):** I plan to study the fundamentals of Python on my own, focusing on building a strong foundation in syntax, problem-solving, and scripting.  
- **LC-3 Assembly (Course Project):** As part of my Computer Organization class, I will be working with LC-3 assembly language to better understand how programs run at the machine level.  

---
✨ Thanks for visiting my profile!


<!--
**RGriffis05/RGriffis05** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Refined the details of my projects

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Robert 👋  

### 🎓 About Me  
I am a third-year **Computer Science major** at Wright State University.  
I have experience with **Java** and am expanding my skills by learning new languages and technologies.  

### 📌 Projects This Semester  
- **Learning Python (Personal Project):** I plan to study the basics of Python on my own, my plan is to be able to code simple projects in Python by the end of the semester.  
- **LC-3 Assembly (Course Project):** As part of my Computer Organization class, I will be working with LC-3 assembly language to better understand how programs run at the machine level.  

---
✨ Thanks for visiting my profile!


<!--
**RGriffis05/RGriffis05** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
